INGREDIENTS

BOWL INGREDIENTS:
1 1/2 pounds sweet potato, diced into 1/2-inch cubes
1 (15-ounce) can chickpeas, rinsed, drained and patted dry
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
2 teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon each: ground cumin, garlic powder
fine sea salt and freshly-ground black pepper
half of a small white onion, thinly sliced
2 cloves garlic, thinly sliced
5 ounces baby spinach
4 cups cooked brown rice, farro or quinoa
1 ripe avocado, thinly sliced
toppings: chopped fresh cilantro, hemp hearts, pepitas, and/or cotija cheese

CHIPOTLE TAHINI DRESSING INGREDIENTS:
1/2 cup water
1/4 cup tahini
2 tablespoons lime juice
1 to 2 teaspoons maple syrup
1 large chipotle in adobo sauce (plus 1 teaspoon adobo sauce)

INSTRUCTIONS:
Prep the oven and baking sheet. Heat oven to 425°F. Line a large baking sheet with parchment paper.
Roast the sweet potatoes and chickpeas. Add the sweet potatoes and chickpeas to a large mixing bowl. Drizzle evenly with 1 tablespoon of oil and sprinkle evenly with the spices. Toss until combined. Spread the mixture out on the prepared baking sheet in a single layer, then season generously with salt and pepper. Bake for 30 minutes or until the potatoes are tender and the chickpeas are lightly crispy, then transfer the baking sheet to a wire rack.
Make the dressing. Add all of the dressing ingredients to a blender and purée until smooth. Taste and season with salt and pepper or additional lime juice if needed.
Sauté the spinach. Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil to a large sauté pan over medium-high heat. Add the onion and sauté for 4-5 minutes, stirring occasionally, until softened. Add the garlic and sauté for 1 minute, stirring occasionally. Add the spinach and a generous pinch of salt and pepper and cook, tossing frequently, until wilted. Remove from heat.
Serve. Portion the cooked rice, roasted sweet potatoes and chickpeas, sautéed spinach and a few avocado slices in each serving bowl. Drizzle with the dressing then add your desired toppings. Serve and enjoy!